Tipsy - November 5th, 2019

Your privacy is important to Tipsy. We have published our Privacy Policy to inform how we collect, store, and use your information.

1. Definitions

“non-personal data” means information that is not directly identifiable to you. The non-personal data is aggregate and stripped of personal information. “personal data” means any information that can identify you as an individual.

2. What information is collected?

NON-PERSONAL DATA

The use of non-personal data is to support Tipsy’s continued Services and products.

Tipsy may use tools or third party analytical software to collect and track non-personal data that does not identify you. The types of non-personal data that Tipsy collects include, but are not limited to: (i)device software platform and firmware; (ii) device features; (iii) mobile phone carrier; (iv) geographic data; (v) checkpoints (vi) achievements and scores (vii) other non-personal data as required by Tipsy to enhance the services of other products and services.

Tipsy may use and disclose to Tipsy’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the services, advertising, and to continue development of additional services from Tipsy.

PERSONAL DATA

Example situations when you make personal data available to Tipsy include, but are not limited to: (i) registration for Services, contests, and events; (ii) accessing Services using a third party ID (social networks, game networks, etc.) (iii) subscribing to newsletters; (iv) purchasing a product through our apps or online store; (v) using sharing features with friends; (vi) requesting technical support; and (vii) use of Tipsy Services where personal data is mandatory for use and/or participation.

The types of personal data may vary depending on the interactions that you have with our Services. The personal data that Tipsy may collect, process, and use may include but is not limited to your name, screen name, alias, gender, age, location, third party ID, email address, phone number, address, billing information, photos, birthday, and social connections.

If you choose to use Tipsy’s sharing services with your friends we may store your friend’s contact details that you provide to Tipsy. Tipsy may use collected personal information to contact and send you messages with informative and/or commercial content about Tipsy’s services or third party products and services. These announcements may include updates, special offers, and new features.

The use of Services in connection with social networking sites will allow Tipsy to collect certain information from your online profiles when permitted by the social networking site and with your consent. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, language, time zone, country, organizations and content on your profile. Tipsy may associate and/or combine data and use the data collected by Tipsy according to this Privacy Policy.

We may use Personal Information for which we have a legitimate interest, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, anti-fraud protection, or any other purpose disclosed to you at the time you provide Personal Information or with your consent.

COOKIES, BEACONS AND TRACKING

The services may use “cookies” and other technologies such as beacons. Tipsy treats information collected in these manners as non-personal data. Additionally email and other electronic communications may contain tracking tags when viewed and interacted with. Tipsy may combine the information with personal data in order to enhance the Services and/or provide a customized communications experience to you.

3. When do we disclose information to third-parties?

ADVERTISING

Tipsy reserves the right to use and disclose the collected non-personal data for purposes of advertisement by Tipsy or Tipsy’s partners and contractors. Tipsy may use third-party advertising solutions that may collect information to provide personalized advertising. Tipsy or third parties may collect data for this purpose including, but not limited to, unique identifiers, software, applications, hardware, browser, IP address, usage information, and in-app information. Tipsy does not have control or access to these third-party companies. They collection and use information under their own privacy policies. If you do not want to be subject to this technology, do not use or access our Services.

THIRD-PARTY BUSINESSES

We may utilize third-party companies and individuals to complete tasks on our behalf. Task may include filling orders, advertising, hosting, storing data, multi-player gaming, sending postal mail and email, analyzing data, providing customer service. The information that we provide will enable the third-party companies to perform their tasks. They may not use the information for other purposes not related to the task. We share information as described above with third parties who are subject to either this Privacy Policy or their own privacy policy.

4. How do we protect?

SECURITY

We take appropriate security measures to guarantee your information is protected against unauthorized access. Data that we collect is stored in a secure system that is not open to the public. We cannot guarantee 100% security with our reasonable efforts to secure the data. Unauthorized access may occur to your personal data and by using the Services, you accept this risk.

OTHER

Tipsy does not knowingly collect any personal information from children below 13 years of age or a minor in your country of residence. If Tipsy learns that Tipsy has inadvertently gathered personal data from minors, Tipsy will take reasonable measures to delete such personal data from Tipsy’s records.

AMENDMENTS

We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy and your continued use of the Tipsy’s Services constitutes acceptance of these amendments.

CONTACT Tipsy

Send us an email with a subject line of “Attn: Privacy Policy” if you have any questions tipsysupport@august-light.com
